---
title: Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy
description: Prevent a document from loading certain cross-origin resources.
links:
  - label: Enabled
    icon: i-heroicons-check-badge
    color: green
    size: xs
---

The HTTP `Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy` (COEP) response header prevents a document from loading any cross-origin resources that don't explicitly grant the document permission.

::callout{icon="i-heroicons-light-bulb"}
 Read more about this header [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy).
::

This header should be configured with [COOP](crossoriginopenerpolicy)

## Usage

This header is enabled by default but you can change its behavior like following.

```ts
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  // Global
  security: {
    headers: {
      crossOriginEmbedderPolicy: <OPTIONS>,
    },
  },

  // Per route
  routeRules: {
    '/custom-route': {
      security: {
        headers: {
          crossOriginEmbedderPolicy: <OPTIONS>,
        },
      },
    }
  }
})
```

You can also disable this header by `crossOriginEmbedderPolicy: false`.

## Default value

By default, Nuxt Security will set the following value for this header.

```http
Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy: credentialless
```

## Available values

The `crossOriginEmbedderPolicy` header can be configured with following values.

```ts
crossOriginEmbedderPolicy: 'unsafe-none' | 'require-corp' | 'credentialless' | false;
```

### `unsafe-none`

Allows the document to fetch cross-origin resources without giving explicit permission through the CORS protocol or the Cross-Origin-Resource-Policy header.

### `require-corp`

In `strict` mode, this is the default value. A document can only load resources from the same origin, or resources explicitly marked as loadable from another origin. If a cross origin resource supports CORS, the crossorigin attribute or the Cross-Origin-Resource-Policy header must be used to load it without being blocked by COEP.

### `credentialless`

no-cors cross-origin requests are sent without credentials. In particular, it means Cookies are omitted from the request, and ignored from the response. The responses are allowed **without** an explicit permission via the Cross-Origin-Resource-Policy header. Navigate responses behave similarly as the require-corp mode: They require Cross-Origin-Resource-Policy response header.

::callout{icon="i-heroicons-exclamation-triangle" color="amber"}
⚠️ Read more about `Avoiding blockage with CORS` [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy#avoiding_coep_blockage_with_cors).
::

## Cross-Origin Isolation issues

Setting cross-origin isolation by using the COEP header can sometimes have tricky consequences. This is because the COEP/COOP specification requires **both** your application **and** the embedded resource to set corresponding headers properly. If only one of the two parties does not set the headers properly, the frame can be blocked.

As a consequence, in order to avoid being blocked in websites that do not have COEP/COOP headers, some major third-party providers have chosen to _not_ deliver COEP/COOP headers. This in turn prevents you from using COEP in your application! If you want some background, please read the [excellent blog note from Stackblitz that explains their decision](https://blog.stackblitz.com/posts/cross-browser-with-coop-coep/).

If you encounter this situation, you will be left with a tough dilemna:
- If you choose to apply the `require-corp` option, the embedded resource will be blocked _if it does not deliver the proper headers_.
- If you choose to apply the `unsafe-none` option, the embedded resource will not be cross-origin isolated and therefore _might not work properly_.

This is the reason why we use the `credentialless` option by default, which is a reasonable fallback. 
However even with this setting, you might encounter difficulties. 

1. Inspect COEP/COOP issues in your browser's Developer Tools:

  - If your console logs tell you that the Embedded Resource is blocked because it does not deliver proper COEP/COOP headers, this means that the third-party resource prevents you from using `credentialless`. In that case you might have to fallback to `unsafe-none`.
  - If your console logs tell you that some features (e.g. SharedArrayBuffers) are blocked because your application is not cross-origin isolated, your application might still be able to run properly. If it's not the case, you might have to upgrade to `require-corp`.

2. Have a look at our documentation example code

Our own documentation website includes iframes from Youtube and Stackblitz.
Please have a look at our [Github source code](https://github.com/nuxt-modules/security/blob/main/docs/nuxt.config.ts) to see how we set the Nuxt Security options to allow these iframes.

