# X-XSS-Protection

:badge[Enabled]{type="success"} Stop pages from loading when they detect reflected cross-site scripting (XSS).

---

:ellipsis{right=0px width=75% blur=150px}

The HTTP X-XSS-Protection response header is a feature of Internet Explorer, Chrome and Safari that stops pages from loading when they detect reflected cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks. These protections are largely unnecessary in modern browsers when sites implement a strong Content-Security-Policy that disables the use of inline JavaScript ('unsafe-inline').

::alert{type="info"}
ℹ Read more about this header [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/X-XSS-Protection).
::

## Usage

This header is enabled by default but you can change its behavior like following.

```ts
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  // Global
  security: {
    headers: {
      xXSSProtection: <OPTIONS>,
    },
  },

  // Per route
  routeRules: {
    '/custom-route': {
      headers: {
        'X-XSS-Protection': <OPTIONS>
      },
    }
  }
})
```

You can also disable this header by `xXSSProtection: false`.

## Default value

By default, Nuxt Security will set following value for this header.

```http
X-XSS-Protection: 0
```

## Available values

The `xXSSProtection` header can be configured with following values.

```ts
xXSSProtection: string | false;
```

### `0`

Disables XSS filtering.

### `1`

Enables XSS filtering (usually default in browsers). If a cross-site scripting attack is detected, the browser will sanitize the page (remove the unsafe parts).

### `1; mode=block`

Enables XSS filtering. Rather than sanitizing the page, the browser will prevent rendering of the page if an attack is detected.

### `1; report=<reporting-URI>` (Chromium only)

Enables XSS filtering. If a cross-site scripting attack is detected, the browser will sanitize the page and report the violation. This uses the functionality of the CSP report-uri directive to send a report.

::alert{type="info"}
ℹ Read more about `Vulnerabilities caused by XSS filtering` [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/X-XSS-Protection#vulnerabilities_caused_by_xss_filtering).
