# Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy

:badge[Enabled]{type="success"} Prevent a document from loading certain cross-origin resources.

---

:ellipsis{right=0px width=75% blur=150px}

The HTTP `Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy` (COEP) response header prevents a document from loading any cross-origin resources that don't explicitly grant the document permission.

::alert{type="info"}
ℹ Read more about this header [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy).
::

This header should be configured with [COOP](crossoriginopenerpolicy)

## Usage

This header is enabled by default but you can change its behavior like following.

```ts
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  // Global
  security: {
    headers: {
      crossOriginEmbedderPolicy: <OPTIONS>,
    },
  },

  // Per route
  routeRules: {
    '/custom-route': {
      headers: {
        'Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy': <OPTIONS>
      },
    }
  }
})
```

You can also disable this header by `crossOriginEmbedderPolicy: false`.

## Default value

By default, Nuxt Security will set following value for this header.

```http
Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy: require-corp
```

## Available values

The `crossOriginEmbedderPolicy` header can be configured with following values.

```ts
crossOriginEmbedderPolicy: 'unsafe-none' | 'require-corp' | 'credentialless' | false;
```

### `unsafe-none`

This is the default value. Allows the document to fetch cross-origin resources without giving explicit permission through the CORS protocol or the Cross-Origin-Resource-Policy header.

### `require-corp`

A document can only load resources from the same origin, or resources explicitly marked as loadable from another origin. If a cross origin resource supports CORS, the crossorigin attribute or the Cross-Origin-Resource-Policy header must be used to load it without being blocked by COEP.

### `credentialless`

no-cors cross-origin requests are sent without credentials. In particular, it means Cookies are omitted from the request, and ignored from the response. The responses are allowed **without** an explicit permission via the Cross-Origin-Resource-Policy header. Navigate responses behave similarly as the require-corp mode: They require Cross-Origin-Resource-Policy response header.

::alert{type="warning"}
⚠️ Read more about `Avoiding blockage with CORS` [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy#avoiding_coep_blockage_with_cors).
::
