# Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy

:badge[Enabled]{type="success"} Ensure a top-level document does not share a browsing context group with cross-origin documents.

---

:ellipsis{right=0px width=75% blur=150px}

The HTTP Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy (COOP) response header allows you to ensure a top-level document does not share a browsing context group with cross-origin documents. COOP will process-isolate your document and potential attackers can't access your global object if they were to open it in a popup, preventing a set of cross-origin attacks dubbed XS-Leaks.

::alert{type="info"}
ℹ Read more about this header [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy).
::

This header should be configured with [COEP](crossoriginembedderpolicy)

## Usage

This header is enabled by default but you can change its behavior like following.

```ts
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  // Global
  security: {
    headers: {
      crossOriginOpenerPolicy: <OPTIONS>,
    },
  },

  // Per route
  routeRules: {
    '/custom-route': {
      security: {
        headers: {
          crossOriginOpenerPolicy: <OPTIONS>,
        },
      },
    }
  }
})
```

You can also disable this header by `crossOriginOpenerPolicy: false`.

## Default value

By default, Nuxt Security will set the following value for this header.

```http
Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy: same-origin
```

## Available values

The `crossOriginOpenerPolicy` header can be configured with following values.

```ts
crossOriginOpenerPolicy: 'same-origin' | 'same-origin-allow-popups' | 'unsafe-none' | false
```

### `same-origin`

This is the default value. Isolates the browsing context exclusively to same-origin documents. Cross-origin documents are not loaded in the same browsing context.

### `same-origin-allow-popups`

Retains references to newly opened windows or tabs that either don't set COOP or that opt out of isolation by setting a COOP of unsafe-none.

### `unsafe-none`

Allows the document to be added to its opener's browsing context group unless the opener itself has a COOP of same-origin or same-origin-allow-popups.
