# Strict-Transport-Security

:badge[Enabled]{type="success"} Inform browsers that the site should only be accessed using HTTPS.

---

:ellipsis{right=0px width=75% blur=150px}

The HTTP Strict-Transport-Security response header (often abbreviated as HSTS) informs browsers that the site should only be accessed using HTTPS, and that any future attempts to access it using HTTP should automatically be converted to HTTPS.

::alert{type="info"}
ℹ Read more about this header [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Strict-Transport-Security).
::

## Usage

This header is enabled by default but you can change its behavior like following.

```ts
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  // Global
  security: {
    headers: {
      strictTransportSecurity: <OPTIONS>,
    },
  },

  // Per route
  routeRules: {
    '/custom-route': {
      headers: {
        'Strict-Transport-Security': <OPTIONS>
      },
    }
  }
})
```

You can also disable this header by `strictTransportSecurity: false`.

## Default value

By default, Nuxt Security will set following value for this header.

```http
Strict-Transport-Security: max-age=15552000; includeSubDomains
```

## Available values

The `strictTransportSecurity` header can be configured with following values.

```ts
strictTransportSecurity: {
  maxAge: number;
  includeSubdomains?: boolean;
  preload?: boolean;
} | false;
```

### `maxAge`

The time, in seconds, that the browser should remember that a site is only to be accessed using HTTPS.

### `includeSubdomains`

If this optional parameter is specified, this rule applies to all of the site's subdomains as well.

### `preload`

See Preloading Strict Transport Security for details. When using preload, the max-age directive must be at least 31536000 (1 year), and the includeSubDomains directive must be present. Not part of the specification.

::alert{type="info"}
ℹ Read more about `Preloading Strict Transport Security` [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Strict-Transport-Security#preloading_strict_transport_security).
::
